# CS-320
Software Test, Automation QA

These are artifacts from my CS 320 course projects. These two projects have taught me how to use JUnit testing on code to make sure that all the requirements work as intended. This helped me make sure my code is functional and secure by using multiple layers of validation testing. This was to prevent bad data from getting into the system in the form of null values and wrong character lengths. When interpreting user needs and incorporating them into the program I would start by checking the requirements of all the services. This helped me construct code that reflected the users needs, for example phone numbers being exactly 10 digits translated into if(phone == null || phone.length() != 10). This was put in both my constructor and setter methods to ensure that there arent any vulnerabilities in the codebase. I followed this same logic for all the other requirements and was able to create test cases for the valid and invalid inputs.

My approach to designing software has evolved throughout the past couple of weeks. Each assignment helped me build open one another and take what worked and what didnt work into the next week. In the first assignment working on the contact service, I was still trying to learn JUnit testing and relearn my Java fundamentals. This was the trickiest because I felt overwhelmed and lost. By the time I started working on task and appointment services I was able to have a structure that worked and was refined. I then started adding separation for the implementation validation logic for the object class. This made sure the service classes can reuse this validation so if changes needed to be made it would be more efficient. This also helped me with reusing the code throughout the project and changing it for the specific requirements needed for the services. The biggest lesson was making sure that my test cases covered all the necessary requirements. I missed some test cases in the contact service and later fixed it. I found the coverage tool to come in handy when doing this because it highlighted in red and green what is getting covered and showed a percentage of coverage of the overall file. This was by far the saving grace of writing test cases and I look forward to taking these leasons into future projects.  
